taboo for country net you're not like us we
I believe in everything now I'm tired of the opinion
your after yes go you
and falsehoods here you disgrace the culture why
you want to hear this answer I and you
hello from afar i am an avatar and earth magician
fire water and air
tell me what kind of syangang
he google it's just like bowling balls
what did you not want to share instead of above
if I took it myself against
Anime same vyshol you do not even veteran is
too will we wait for yours
the car will not be from
but
not enough even for lunch was born a new
avatar only here is not a woman and you are an athlete
spit in the face
you understood it we loved the hangar why
we have enough of this business you are already tired
you on nickelodeon waiting for your friends
hooka boku izumi and zara greg and how are we
we will go disassemble yes you have mania
greatness departures like chiri mountain and from not
pull the cat's tail tired of war where
tragedy any slope of santa barbara behind
scale do you pull on low revolution
between shaytan and ploykoy war swelled
you are not like the start and just all zaebalo
so you fargo me not to mow for you
the light is up to you they are mine